# TERMS OF SERVICE

**Date of Last Revision: 03 January 2021**

## 1. Welcome to Foodimus!

**1.1 Introduction:** Foodimus B.V. and/or its affiliates ("Foodimus," "we," "us," "our") provides its services (described below) to you through its website located at [Foodimus.com](https://www.foodimus.com/) (the "Site") and through its mobile applications and related services (collectively, such services, including any new features and applications, and the Site, the "**Service(s)**"), subject to the following Terms of Service (the " **Terms of Service**"). **PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY, AS THEY GOVERN YOUR USE OF SERVICES,**

**1.2 Modifications to Terms of Service:** We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of these Terms of Service at any time. If we do this, depending on the nature of the change, we will post the changes on the Site and indicate the date these terms were last revised and/or notify you, either through the Services' user interface, in an email notification or through other reasonable means and as required by applicable law. Any such changes will become effective no earlier than fourteen (14) days after they are posted, except that changes addressing new functions of the Services or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. Your continued use of the Service after the date any such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service. In addition, when using certain Services, you will be subject to any additional terms applicable to such Services that may be posted on the Service from time to time.

**1.3 Privacy:** At Foodimus, we respect the privacy of our users. For details please see our [Privacy Policy](route://privacypol). By using the Service, you consent to our collection and use of personal data as outlined therein.

## 2. Access and Use of the Service

**2.1 Use Description:** The Foodimus service, and any content viewed through our service, is solely for your personal and non-commercial use. With your Foodimus purchase we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, license to access the Foodimus content and view your mealplan(s) through the service for that purpose. Except for the foregoing limited license, no right, title or interest shall be transferred or granted to you. You agree not to use the service for public performances. Foodimus may revoke your license at any time in its sole discretion. Upon such revocation, you must promptly destroy all content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the service, as well as copies of such materials, whether made in accordance with these Terms of Service or otherwise.

**2.2 Your Registration Obligations:** You will be required to register with Foodimus in order to access and use certain features of the Service. If you choose to register for the Service, you agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form. Registration data and certain other information about you are governed by our [Privacy Policy](route://privacypol). If you are under 16 years of age, you are not authorized to use the Service. In addition, if you are under 18 years old, you may use the Service, with or without registering, only with the approval of your parent or guardian.

**2.3 Member Account, Password and Security:** You may never use another's account, and you may not provide another person with the username and password to access your account. You are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your password or account, and it is your responsibility to ensure that your password remains confidential and secure. You agree to (a) immediately notify Foodimus of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session when accessing the Service. Foodimus will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section.

**2.4 Modifications to Service:** Foodimus reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Foodimus will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service. We have no obligation to retain any of Your Account or Submitted Content for any period of time beyond what may be required by applicable law.

**2.5 General Practices Regarding Use and Storage:** You acknowledge that Foodimus may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service, including without limitation the maximum period of time that data or other content will be retained by the Service and the maximum storage space that will be allotted on Foodimus's servers on your behalf. You agree that Foodimus has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any data or other content maintained or uploaded by the Service. You acknowledge that Foodimus reserves the right to terminate accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that Foodimus reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice.

**2.6 Mobile Services:** The Service may include certain services that are available via a mobile device, including (i) the ability to upload content to the Service via a mobile device, (ii) the ability to browse the Service and the Site from a mobile device and (iii) the ability to access certain features through an application downloaded and installed on a mobile device (collectively, the "**Mobile Services**"). To the extent you access the Service through a mobile device, your wireless service carrier's standard charges, data rates and other fees may apply. In addition, downloading, installing, or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your carrier, and not all Mobile Services may work with all carriers or devices. In using the Mobile Services, you may provide your telephone number. We may share your phone numbers with our service providers (such as customer support, billing or collections companies, and text message service providers) who we have contracted with to assist us in pursuing our rights or providing our Services under these Terms of Service, our policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may have with you.

**2.7 Refund Policy:** You have a right to withdraw from the Service and receive a full refund for 14 days after your purchase, provided you haven't commenced using the Service. You waive your right of withdrawal as soon as you start using the Service and Foodimus has commenced fulfilling its obligations towards you, unless otherwise required by applicable mandatory laws in your jurisdiction. If you withdraw from the Service, Foodimus will refund the full amount of your purchase and subsequently terminate your access. Refunds are not available for customers 14 days after a purchase. If Foodimus determines that you are abusing our refund policy, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse or restrict any and all current or future use of the Service without delivering a refund. To request a refund or to ask a question regarding the 14-day money back service, email Support at [hello@foodimus.com](mailto:hello@foodimus.com)

## 3. Conditions of Use

**3.1 User Conduct:** You are solely responsible for all images, information, data, text, software, sound, photographs, graphics, messages or other materials ("content") that you upload, post, publish or display (hereinafter, "upload") or email or otherwise use via the Service. Foodimus reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in Foodimus's sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the content from the Service, suspending or terminating the account of such violators and reporting you to the law enforcement authorities.

You agree to not use the Service to:

- email or otherwise upload any content that (i) infringes any intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any party; (ii) you do not have a right to upload under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (iii) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (iv) poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person; (v) constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, commercial activities and/or sales, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," "contests," "sweepstakes," or any other form of solicitation; (vi) is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, excessively violent, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; or (vii) in the sole judgment of Foodimus, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Service, or which may expose Foodimus or its users to any harm or liability of any type;
- interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;
- violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, or any regulations having the force of law;
- impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18;
- harvest or collect email addresses or other contact information of other users from the Service by electronic or other means for the purposes of sending unsolicited emails or other unsolicited communications;
- advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose that is not specifically authorized;
- further or promote any criminal activity or enterprise or provide instructional information about illegal activities; or
- obtain or attempt to access or otherwise obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Service.

**3.2 Fees:** To the extent the Service or any portion thereof is made available for any fee, you will be required to select a payment plan and provide Foodimus information regarding your credit card or other payment instrument. You represent and warrant to Foodimus that such information is true and that you are authorized to use the payment instrument. You will promptly update your account information with any changes (for example, a change in your billing address or credit card expiration date) that may occur. You agree to pay Foodimus the amount that is specified in the payment plan in accordance with the terms of such plan and this Terms of Service. You hereby authorize Foodimus to bill your payment instrument in accordance with the terms of the applicable payment plan until you terminate your account, and you further agree to pay any charges so incurred. If you dispute any charges you must let Foodimus know within sixty (60) days after the date that Foodimus charges you. We reserve the right to change Foodimus's prices. Your continued use of the Service after the price change becomes effective constitutes your agreement to pay the changed amount.

**3.3 Recurring Subscriptions:** If you select the Service with an auto renewal feature ("Recurring Subscription"), you authorize Foodimus to maintain your account information and charge that account automatically upon the renewal of the Service you choose with no further action required by you. In the event that Foodimus is unable to charge your account as authorized by you when you enrolled in a Recurring Subscription, Foodimus, may, in its sole discretion: (i) bill you for your Service and suspend your access to the Service until payment is received, and/or (ii) seek to update your account information through third party sources (i.e., your bank or a payment processor) to continue charging your account as authorized by you.

Foodimus may change the price for Recurring Subscriptions from time to time and will communicate any price changes to you in advance and, if applicable, how to accept those changes. Price changes for Recurring Subscriptions will take effect at the start of the next subscription period following the date of the price change. As permitted by local law, you accept the new price by continuing to use your Recurring Subscription after the price change takes effect. If you do not agree with the price changes, you have the right to reject the change by cancelling your Recurring Subscription before the price change goes into effect. Please therefore make sure you read any such notification of price changes carefully.

Notwithstanding clause 2.7, payments are non-refundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods. You may cancel a Recurring Subscription at any time, but if you cancel your subscription before the end of the current subscription period, we will not refund any subscription fees already paid to us. Following any cancellation, however, you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your current subscription period.

If you subscribed on our website, you can cancel by contacting Support at [hello@foodimus.com](mailto:hello@foodimus.com) or by going to Settings in your account, selecting Cancel under the Subscription box and then following the onscreen instructions to continue and cancel subscription.

**3.4 Limited Use:** Unless otherwise expressly authorized herein or by Foodimus in writing, you agree not to display, distribute, license, perform, publish, reproduce, duplicate, copy, create derivative works from, modify, sell, resell, exploit, transfer or upload for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.

## 4. Intellectual Property Rights

**4.1 Service Content, Software and Trademarks:** You acknowledge and agree that the Service contains content and features (" **Service Content**") that are protected by copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by Foodimus, you agree not to modify, copy, frame, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute the Service or Service Content or create derivative works based on the Service or the Service Content, in whole or in part, except that the foregoing does not apply to your own User Content (as defined below) that you legally upload to the Service.

In connection with your use of the Service you will not engage in or use any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods. If you are blocked by Foodimus from accessing the Service (including blocking your IP address), you agree not to implement any measures to circumvent such blocking (e.g., by masking your IP address or using a proxy IP address). Any use of the Service or the Service Content other than as specifically authorized herein is strictly prohibited. The technology and software underlying the Service or distributed in connection therewith are the property of Foodimus, our affiliates and our partners (the " **Software**"). You agree not to copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Foodimus.

The Foodimus name and logos are trademarks and trade names of Foodimus (collectively the " **Foodimus Trademarks**"). Other names, products, services and logos used and displayed via the Service may be trademarks or trade names of their respective owners who may or may not endorse or be affiliated with or connected to Foodimus. Nothing in this Terms of Service or the Service should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any of Foodimus Trademarks displayed on the Service, without our prior written permission in each instance. All goodwill generated from the use of Foodimus Trademarks will inure to our exclusive benefit.

**4.2 Third Party Material:** Under no circumstances will Foodimus be liable in any way for any content or materials of any third parties (including content creators), including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any such content. You acknowledge that Foodimus does not pre-screen content, but that Foodimus and its designees will have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any content that is available via the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, Foodimus and its designees will have the right to remove any content that violates these Terms of Service or is deemed by Foodimus, in its sole discretion, to be otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such content.

**4.3 User Content Transmitted:** Through the Service: With respect to the content or other materials you upload through the Service or share with other users or recipients (collectively, " **User Content**"), you represent and warrant that you own all right, title and interest in and to such User Content, including, without limitation, all copyrights and rights of publicity contained therein, and that you have all required rights to post or transmit such content or other materials without violation of any third-party rights. By uploading any User Content you hereby grant and will grant Foodimus, its affiliated companies and partners (including but not limited to Foodimus instructors, practitioners and other third parties providing instructional information through the Services, collectively "partners") a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, display, upload, adapt, perform, publish, distribute (through multiple tiers of distribution and partnerships), store, modify and otherwise use and fully exploit your User Content in any and all media, form, medium, technology or distribution methods now known or later developed and for any and all purposes (commercial or otherwise).

You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information relevant to the Service (" **Submissions**"), provided by you to Foodimus, its affiliated companies or partners are non-confidential and Foodimus, its affiliated companies and partners will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.

You acknowledge and agree that Foodimus may preserve content and may also disclose content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Foodimus, its users and the public. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

**4.4 Copyright Complaints:** Foodimus respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, you should notify Foodimus of your infringement claim in accordance with the procedure set forth below.

To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest; a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Service; your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.

**4.5 Counter-Notice:** If you believe that your User Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to upload and use the content in your User Content, you may send a written counter-notice.

## 5. Third Party Websites

The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links or other access to other sites and resources on the Internet. Foodimus has no control over such sites and resources and Foodimus is not responsible for and does not endorse such sites and resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Foodimus will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, events, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource. Any dealings you have with third parties found while using the Service are between you and the third party, and you agree that Foodimus is not liable for any loss or claim that you may have against any such third party.

## 6. Social Networking Services

You may enable or log in to the Service via various online third party services, such as social media and social networking services like Facebook or Twitter (" **Social Networking Services**"). By logging in or directly integrating these Social Networking Services into the Service, we make your online experiences richer and more personalized. To take advantage of this feature and capabilities, we may ask you to authenticate, register for or log into Social Networking Services on the websites of their respective providers. As part of such integration, the Social Networking Services will provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to such Social Networking Services, and we will use, store and disclose such information in accordance with our [Privacy Policy](route://privacypol). For more information about the implications of activating these Social Networking Services and Foodimus's use, storage and disclosure of information related to you and your use of such services within Foodimus (including your friend lists and the like), please see our [Privacy Policy](route://privacypol).

However, please remember that the manner in which Social Networking Services use, store and disclose your information is governed solely by the policies of such third parties, and Foodimus shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third party site or service that may be enabled within the Service.

In addition, Foodimus is not responsible for the accuracy, availability or reliability of any information, content, goods, data, opinions, advice or statements made available in connection with Social Networking Services. As such, Foodimus is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Social Networking Services. Foodimus enables these features merely as a convenience and the integration or inclusion of such features does not imply an endorsement or recommendation.

## 7. Indemnity and Release

To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree to release, indemnify and hold Foodimus and its affiliates and their officers, employees, directors and agent harmless from any and all losses, damages, expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, rights, claims, actions of any kind and injury (including death) arising out of or relating to your use of the Service, any User Content, your connection to the Service, your violation of these Terms of Service or your violation of any rights of another.

## 8. Disclaimer of Warranties

YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, FOODIMUS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY.

FOODIMUS MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (II) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (III) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR (IV) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.

## 9. Limitation of Liability

YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT FOODIMUS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, RESULTING FROM: (I) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (II) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (IV) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (V) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE. IN NO EVENT WILL FOODIMUS'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID FOODIMUS IN THE LAST SIX (6) MONTHS, OR, IF GREATER, ONE HUNDRED EUROS (€100).

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE OR WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICE.

## 10. Jurisdiction and applicable law

You and Foodimus agree that these Terms of Service are governed by the laws of the Netherlands. Notwithstanding any applicable mandatory rules of law on the jurisdiction related to consumer contracts, any and all disputes between us including but not limited to claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us or the Terms of Service or the Service, shall be exclusively submitted to the Court of Amsterdam, the Netherlands.

If you have any dispute with us, you agree that before taking any formal action, you will contact us at Foodimus ([hello@foodimus.com](mailto:hello@foodimus.com)) and provide a brief, written description of the dispute and your contact information (including your username, if your dispute relates to an account). The parties agree to use their best efforts to settle any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement directly through consultation and good faith negotiations shall be a condition to either party initiating a lawsuit.

## 11. Termination

You agree that Foodimus, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your account (or any part thereof) or use of the Service and remove and discard any content within the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if Foodimus believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms of Service. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity that may be grounds for termination of your use of Service, may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. Foodimus may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Service, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under any provision of this Terms of Service may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that Foodimus may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Service. Further, you agree that Foodimus will not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Service.

## 12. Disputes Between Users

You agree that you are solely responsible for your interactions with any other user in connection with the Service and Foodimus will have no liability or responsibility with respect thereto. Foodimus reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with disputes between you and any other user of the Service.

## 13. General

These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between you and Foodimus and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Foodimus with respect to the Service. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you are a content creator, use affiliate or third party services, third party content or third party software.

The failure of Foodimus to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms of Service remain in full force and effect.

You may not assign this Terms of Service without the prior written consent of Foodimus, but Foodimus may assign or transfer this Terms of Service, in whole or in part, without restriction.

Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail. Under no circumstances shall Foodimus be held liable for any delay or failure in performance resulting directly or indirectly from an event beyond its reasonable control. The Service may also provide notices to you of changes to these Terms of Service or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices generally on the Service.

## 14. Questions? Concerns? Suggestions?

Please contact us at [hello@foodimus.com](mailto:hello@foodimus.com) to report any violations of these Terms of Service or to pose any questions regarding this Terms of Service or the Service.